earned customer's turn the teacher
eye right
a girl is a little girl is
A little girl is a little girl.
She cared for me tomorrow, and she is.
really very capricious and more
very head both eyes and looks for is
me look both eyes are
committed
and it seems to me like a cataract
we move forward on this one here and it seems
a little more problems but then who
It's going to really say ophthalmology and you're
very capricious but not very
not much is the girl anything i think
that she has she owns the dog
it has an owner
only she is lost so look well
for her here if you are the owner of it
look well for her looking if you are the
her owner knows who owns it
came in contact because this number is
here in the video
take a good look at her and he asks her to
blind dog does not walk does not go far
It's a little dog follows so do not look
can walk far away than full
of coffees that must have entered a bush
there looks but is certainly owned by the
sérgio brother does not survive long
on the street would already be very skinny chubby
with the burr fourteenth
so sure it's got someone's name
here was abandoned or can have up to
the opportunity also to have been
abandoned here but of any
way
Take a good look at it if you know who it is.
the owner of it if it is the owner of it in
contact with us with this number is
here in the video where did you
found this dog over there
but at home my car brand
problem I take from here she appeared
here on the avenue
the actor and I who travel neither the eyes of
Who quit for free?
You've come to a new place in the area.
also do this work will
face the hill and then this is you gave the
realize that you were blind when you see
walking thiago team to use with
she and I have 72 hours beating the people is
ran over
that's it we 'll take and make everyone
the exams and see if you can recover the
eyes or not we will only know after the
be referred for adoption as all
thanks God gave to rescue the
It's good, thank you, we're told right there.
we rescued the animals in one kind of
I thank situation
I hope it stays well
and thank you